README.md, before:

# React-Redux
projects to learn and practise React &amp; Redux

### streams
  a video streaming app (like Twitch.tv) with built-in authentication system<br />
  in the app every user can create unlimited channnels/streams that they can stream to<br />
  routes: [index page, show stream] [create stream, edit stream, delete stream]<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project:**<br />
        * learn how to handle navigation inside react app<br />
        * learn to handle authentication in react app<br />
        * learn to handle forms in redux<br />
        * master crud operations in React/Redux<br />
        * practise error handling<br />

### blog
  fetching blog posts and author data from JSONPlaceholder API and rendering them<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project:**<br />
        * understand the purpose of reducers<br />
        * understand how to make API requests with redux<br />
        * understand the purpose of 'redux-thunk'<br />

### songs
  simple project - displaying couple of songs and if user clicks on any of
  the songs - details are shown<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project is to practise connecting redux with react app**

### videos
  when user types term in searchBar request is sent to youtube API to query for
  videos of the searched term and then display videos from response

### pics
  when user types term in searchBar request is sent to unsplash API to query for
  images of the searched term and then display images from response

Commit message:

[README]: add description of translate project

README.md, after:

# React-Redux
projects to learn and practise React &amp; Redux

### translate
  a simple and straightforward app, which shows a language selector at the top of the screen ...
  any time the user clicks on a flag, a form is rendered in chosen language underneath
    ⚽️ **aim of project:**<br />
      * learn how to use context system with React<br />

### streams
  a video streaming app (like Twitch.tv) with built-in authentication system<br />
  in the app every user can create unlimited channnels/streams that they can stream to<br />
  routes: [index page, show stream] [create stream, edit stream, delete stream]<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project:**<br />
        * learn how to handle navigation inside react app<br />
        * learn to handle authentication in react app<br />
        * learn to handle forms in redux<br />
        * master crud operations in React/Redux<br />
        * practise error handling<br />

### blog
  fetching blog posts and author data from JSONPlaceholder API and rendering them<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project:**<br />
        * understand the purpose of reducers<br />
        * understand how to make API requests with redux<br />
        * understand the purpose of 'redux-thunk'<br />

### songs
  simple project - displaying couple of songs and if user clicks on any of
  the songs - details are shown<br />
    ⚽️ **aim of project is to practise connecting redux with react app**

### videos
  when user types term in searchBar request is sent to youtube API to query for
  videos of the searched term and then display videos from response

### pics
  when user types term in searchBar request is sent to unsplash API to query for
  images of the searched term and then display images from response
